Support custom tags and metrics for GH jobs (#1161)
DataDog/datadog-ci: src/commands/metric/README.md

### Supported providers

> The metric command only works for the following CI providers: [Buildkite, CircleCI, GitHub, GitLab, AzurePipelines, Jenkins]. If used in

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
The metric command only works for the following CI providers: Buildkite, CircleCI, GitHub, GitLab, Azure Pipelines and Jenkins. If used in
```
